What is HTML?
Hypertext Markup Language, a standardized system for tagging text files to achieve font, color, graphic, and
hyperlink effects on World Wide Web pages.
I go to example.com right click and click on view page source.
First introduce doctype i.e HTML and then start with html tag.
Less than and greater than is tag and close HTML tag with slash
What is head tag? The head tag is a container for all head elements.
The head element can include a title for a document.
A script, styles, meta information and more.
What is title tag?
The title of your page and show on title of your page on web browser
i.e example domain and show this title on my example browser domain.
meta charset or character set i.e utf-8
i.e is a standard if you want to more about you can search on google. Depends on yourself
The second meta tag is content type
and what is content type i.e text html
The third meta tag is viewport and how to show your page on devices
the content width-devices
The style tag is about css or cascading style sheets
That you will know more about it in next sections
Css is styling your web page for example to change color, text, font, etc.
What is the body tag. The body element contains all the elements.
of HTML document such as hyperlinks, images, tables and lists, etc.
What is div tag? The div defines a division or a section in a HTML document
We can have different sections or divsions that we should use div tag
Start with div tag and close with div tag
What is h1 tag? That is a header tag. This is main header page.
What is p tag? p tag is paragraph and you can write some text in your page.
Write some text in your page.
Ok this is a structure of a webpage. I will see you in next lecture. Good luck.